we do not have 778 stadiums because it does not come
understands that it only shows that it is
loading and when we analyze then
this in this case we can see clearly
that the strip is torn but if
was united and we had a doubt of
that if it's the power flex then it
charge but it does not turn on what we're going to
do is the following
the clues that make it turn on the
most of the cases all phone that
has a flex with a power button and
one of the lines goes to ground and the other
is going to be receiving the voltage that goes out
times the processor or some circuit
to control the ignition in this case
this track that we see here
we'll call it the number one pizza two
three four and five the number one is the
that has to do with the ignition the
other has to do with the key of
lower and raise volume then if I want
give solution to power but I want to be
sure if that is the flaw in this case
I can see it clearly in a few times
the flex is fine but just load
turn on I'm going to connect the battery I'm going to
take a clamp and I will put this clue
and I'm going to make ground contact and
I should turn on the phone
I'm going to feed him then with the
voltage here we see and here I'm going to play
this track and the other will put
land
if you are making good contact
battery should turn on touch this
track and the other earth
ay already vibrated and let's see it should be
turning on then I'm sure that
if it's English problem and I proceed then
to repair it when it's going to be repaired
then as I do not have the flex for
replace it then what I'm going to do
is to lift this this stick and the
sticker that brings as there are some
lines that are coming out
there they can analyze in all
power button contacts for
place it here
observe well
and the poor button then takes two
contacts one that goes to ground that in
this case the outside one and we see how it is
here a thick cited edge that joins
the negative part the flex and in the part
positive of the power button then it's
this point from the center below passes a
a line and it joins this then goes through
here and start making your way towards
the point that I already told you that we call
that was the number one track
what is is here
and there I must make the bridge
the negative part earth
the negative part of the button
the earth
and the other part from here I can
take out so that it does not get in the way of
over if I would not have to do some
procedures that will already show others
videos encintar here pass the cable quoted
they will quote again but as I have already left
here this point happens because I know why
Scrape the project continuity and here
here and gave me continuity as of my
it continues very easy all more multimeters
we put it on the continuity scale
we put one of the cuts
here to find out if it was for a
shaved and when it costs you very
notice that the line below makes
contact with this why I know that
making a bridge from here to number one
of the contacts that I already explained to you and
another earth when you press the button
power will do the same function when the
dam good and should light here already
I have it almost ready what I did was
scrape the part the part that is
cover
we want it to be scraped so I apply fruits
applied fruit to that line is to the line
negative that I'm going to solder a cablecito
I apply flush took the soldering iron with a
minute at least before there
been preheated to be able to weld well
and applied this year on that point today
we see that I now grab all the cables
cited in this case are an alhambra
special for that
and we apply then here the cable quoted
I already have the negative part that will go to
land
and now I then missing part
that is going to be the line so to speak
positive line of the power button
so
the poplars here also
and I already have the two contacts that are going to
go soldier at the time
Now we re-assemble and weld
curled and we have finished all the
work that we did take the pizza that
went earth and weld anywhere
that is land to water anywhere
negative the other point we release it to
where we already said it was the track number
one that has to do with the fire
the others have to do with the button
of volume going down and going up here like
I knew that the ignition track will be
first because doing follow-up to
the whole line took me to that point at
what were we talking about here then
We can observe
which they are welded the two points we have
given solution if I want to repair already the
our volume would have to take out the
freight track the tracks and
know which of each one of them to
where is it going and be able to do the same
the same a seal that came out
it should light up if it does not turn on
just without pressing the button is because we
the work went wrong
and we have to short it has to work
only when we press the button
the power there we see it already lighting
usually
and so we have been able to solve this to
this fault service the technical service
professional in mobile telephony and
mobile devices